Update language from 'Webhooks' to 'Continuous Integration (CI)' (#2822)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/deploy/cloud-ci-job.md

To set up a webhook:

1. Navigate to the **Triggers** section of the jobs settings page
2. Select **Continuous Integration (CI)**. 
3. Select **Run on Pull Requests?** as shown in the following image.

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/ci-tab.png" title="Configuring webhooks for a dbt Cloud Job"/>

Reviewer: Making a minot change to kick off a new build
```suggestion
<Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/using-dbt-cloud/ci-tab.png" title="Configuring continuous integration for a dbt Cloud Job"/>
```
